docs: update docs to include header-based sessions (#556)
supertokens/docs: v2/emailpassword/testing/testing-with-postman.mdx

- Postman does cookie management on its own. So you don't need to manually set cookies on each request.
:::

> :::note
> We recommend using cookie-based sessions while testing with Postman, to make use of the built-in cookie manager.
> 
> You can find more information about header-based sessions [here](../common-customizations/sessions/token-transfer-method).
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
We recommend using cookie-based sessions while testing with Postman, to make use of the built-in cookie manager. This can be enabled by adding the `"st-auth-mode: cookie"` request header during the sign up API call as shown below.

You do not need to do this in your frontend code since our SDK does this for you. 
:::
```
